### Random Class and Its Methods

1. Which package do you need to import to use the Random class in Java?

   a) java.util  
   b) java.io  
   c) java.net  
   d) java.awt  

2. How do you create a Random object in Java?

   a) `Random rand = new Random();`  
   b) `Random rand = new random();`  
   c) `random rand = new Random();`  
   d) `random rand = new random();`  

3. Which method is used to generate a random integer in Java?

   a) nextInt()  
   b) getInt()  
   c) randomInt()  
   d) generateInt()  

4. What is the result of the following code?  
   ```java
   Random rand = new Random();
   System.out.println(rand.nextInt());
   ```

   a) A random integer  
   b) A random double  
   c) A random boolean  
   d) Compilation error  

5. Which method is used to generate a random integer within a specified range in Java?

   a) nextInt(int bound)  
   b) getInt(int bound)  
   c) randomInt(int bound)  
   d) generateInt(int bound)  

6. What is the result of the following code?  
   ```java
   Random rand = new Random();
   System.out.println(rand.nextInt(10));
   ```

   a) A random integer between 0 and 9  
   b) A random integer between 0 and 10  
   c) A random integer between 1 and 10  
   d) A random integer between 1 and 11  

7. Which method is used to generate a random double in Java?

   a) nextDouble()  
   b) getDouble()  
   c) randomDouble()  
   d) generateDouble()  

8. What is the result of the following code?  
   ```java
   Random rand = new Random();
   System.out.println(rand.nextDouble());
   ```

   a) A random double between 0.0 and 1.0  
   b) A random double between 0.0 and 10.0  
   c) A random double between 1.0 and 10.0  
   d) Compilation error  

9. Which method is used to generate a random boolean in Java?

   a) nextBoolean()  
   b) getBoolean()  
   c) randomBoolean()  
   d) generateBoolean()  

10. What is the result of the following code?  
    ```java
    Random rand = new Random();
    System.out.println(rand.nextBoolean());
    ```

    a) A random boolean (true or false)  
    b) A random integer  
    c) A random double  
    d) Compilation error  

11. Which method is used to generate a random long in Java?

    a) nextLong()  
    b) getLong()  
    c) randomLong()  
    d) generateLong()  

12. What is the result of the following code?  
    ```java
    Random rand = new Random();
    System.out.println(rand.nextLong());
    ```

    a) A random long  
    b) A random integer  
    c) A random double  
    d) Compilation error  

13. Which method is used to generate a random float in Java?

    a) nextFloat()  
    b) getFloat()  
    c) randomFloat()  
    d) generateFloat()  

14. What is the result of the following code?  
    ```java
    Random rand = new Random();
    System.out.println(rand.nextFloat());
    ```

    a) A random float between 0.0 and 1.0  
    b) A random float between 0.0 and 10.0  
    c) A random float between 1.0 and 10.0  
    d) Compilation error  

15. Which method is used to set the seed for the random number generator in Java?

    a) setSeed(long seed)  
    b) seed(long seed)  
    c) initSeed(long seed)  
    d) initializeSeed(long seed)  

16. What is the result of the following code?  
    ```java
    Random rand = new Random();
    rand.setSeed(100L);
    System.out.println(rand.nextInt());
    ```

    a) A random integer  
    b) A specific integer based on the seed  
    c) A random double  
    d) Compilation error  

17. Which method is used to generate a random Gaussian (normally distributed) value in Java?

    a) nextGaussian()  
    b) getGaussian()  
    c) randomGaussian()  
    d) generateGaussian()  

18. What is the result of the following code?  
    ```java
    Random rand = new Random();
    System.out.println(rand.nextGaussian());
    ```

    a) A random Gaussian value  
    b) A random integer  
    c) A random double  
    d) Compilation error  

19. What is the default seed value for the Random class if no seed is provided?

    a) The current time in milliseconds  
    b) Zero  
    c) One  
    d) A fixed constant  

20. Which method is used to generate a random bytes array in Java?

    a) nextBytes(byte[] bytes)  
    b) getBytes(byte[] bytes)  
    c) randomBytes(byte[] bytes)  
    d) generateBytes(byte[] bytes)  

21. What is the result of the following code?  
    ```java
    Random rand = new Random();
    byte[] bytes = new byte[5];
    rand.nextBytes(bytes);
    System.out.println(Arrays.toString(bytes));
    ```

    a) A random bytes array of length 5  
    b) A random bytes array of length 10  
    c) A random bytes array of length 1  
    d) Compilation error  

22. Which method can be used to generate a stream of random integers in Java?

    a) ints()  
    b) randomInts()  
    c) intStream()  
    d) generateInts()  

23. What is the result of the following code?  
    ```java
    Random rand = new Random();
    rand.ints(5).forEach(System.out::println);
    ```

    a) A stream of 5 random integers  
    b) A stream of 10 random integers  
    c) A stream of random doubles  
    d) Compilation error  

24. Which method can be used to generate a stream of random doubles in Java?

    a) doubles()  
    b) randomDoubles()  
    c) doubleStream()  
    d) generateDoubles()  

25. What is the result of the following code?  
    ```java
    Random rand = new Random();
    rand.doubles(5).forEach(System.out::println);
    ```

    a) A stream of 5 random doubles  
    b) A stream of 10 random doubles  
    c) A stream of random integers  
    d) Compilation error  

26. Which method can be used to generate a stream of random longs in Java?

    a) longs()  
    b) randomLongs()  
    c) longStream()  
    d) generateLongs()  

27. What is the result of the following code?  
    ```java
    Random rand = new Random();
    rand.longs(5).forEach(System.out::println);
    ```

    a) A stream of 5 random longs  
    b) A stream of 10 random longs  
    c) A stream of random integers  
    d) Compilation error  

28. Which method is used to generate a bounded random integer within a specified range in Java?

    a) nextInt(int bound)  
    b) getInt(int bound)  
    c) randomInt(int bound)  
    d) generateInt(int bound)  

29. What is the result of the following code?  
    ```java
    Random rand = new Random();
    System.out.println(rand.nextInt(100));
    ```

    a) A random integer between 0 and 99  
    b) A random integer between 0 and 100  
    c) A random integer between 1 and 100  
    d) A random integer between 1 and 101  

30. Which method is used to generate a random integer within a specified range, including negative numbers, in Java?

    a) nextInt()  
    b) getInt()  
    c) randomInt()  
    d) generateInt()  

31. What is the result of the following code?  
    ```java
    Random rand = new Random();
    System.out.println(rand.nextInt(200) - 100);
    ```

    a) A random integer between -100 and 99  
    b) A random integer between 0 and 99  
    c) A random integer between 0 and 100  
    d) Compilation error  

32. Which method is used to generate a random long within a specified range in Java?

    a) nextLong()  
    b) getLong()  
    c) randomLong()  
    d) generateLong()  

33. What is the result of the following code?  
    ```java
    Random rand = new Random();
    System.out.println(rand.nextLong() % 100);
    ```

    a) A random long between 0 and 99  
    b) A random long between 0 and 100  
    c) A random long between 1 and 100  
    d) Compilation error  

34. Which method is used to generate a random float within a

 specified range in Java?

    a) nextFloat()  
    b) getFloat()  
    c) randomFloat()  
    d) generateFloat()  

35. What is the result of the following code?  
    ```java
    Random rand = new Random();
    System.out.println(rand.nextFloat() * 10);
    ```

    a) A random float between 0.0 and 10.0  
    b) A random float between 1.0 and 10.0  
    c) A random float between 0.0 and 1.0  
    d) Compilation error  

36. Which method is used to generate a stream of random numbers within a specified range in Java?

    a) ints(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)  
    b) randomInts(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)  
    c) intStream(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)  
    d) generateInts(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)  

37. What is the result of the following code?  
    ```java
    Random rand = new Random();
    rand.ints(5, 0, 100).forEach(System.out::println);
    ```

    a) A stream of 5 random integers between 0 and 99  
    b) A stream of 5 random integers between 0 and 100  
    c) A stream of 10 random integers between 0 and 99  
    d) Compilation error  

38. Which method is used to generate a stream of random longs within a specified range in Java?

    a) longs(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)  
    b) randomLongs(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)  
    c) longStream(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)  
    d) generateLongs(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)  

39. What is the result of the following code?  
    ```java
    Random rand = new Random();
    rand.longs(5, 0, 100).forEach(System.out::println);
    ```

    a) A stream of 5 random longs between 0 and 99  
    b) A stream of 5 random longs between 0 and 100  
    c) A stream of 10 random longs between 0 and 99  
    d) Compilation error  

40. Which method is used to generate a stream of random doubles within a specified range in Java?

    a) doubles(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)  
    b) randomDoubles(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)  
    c) doubleStream(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)  
    d) generateDoubles(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)  

### Explanations

1. **a) java.util** - The `Random` class is part of the `java.util` package.
2. **a) Random rand = new Random();** - This creates a `Random` object.
3. **a) nextInt()** - The `nextInt()` method generates a random integer.
4. **a) A random integer** - The `nextInt()` method generates a random integer.
5. **a) nextInt(int bound)** - The `nextInt(int bound)` method generates a random integer within the specified range.
6. **a) A random integer between 0 and 9** - The `nextInt(10)` method generates a random integer between 0 and 9.
7. **a) nextDouble()** - The `nextDouble()` method generates a random double.
8. **a) A random double between 0.0 and 1.0** - The `nextDouble()` method generates a random double between 0.0 and 1.0.
9. **a) nextBoolean()** - The `nextBoolean()` method generates a random boolean.
10. **a) A random boolean (true or false)** - The `nextBoolean()` method generates a random boolean.
11. **a) nextLong()** - The `nextLong()` method generates a random long.
12. **a) A random long** - The `nextLong()` method generates a random long.
13. **a) nextFloat()** - The `nextFloat()` method generates a random float.
14. **a) A random float between 0.0 and 1.0** - The `nextFloat()` method generates a random float between 0.0 and 1.0.
15. **a) setSeed(long seed)** - The `setSeed(long seed)` method sets the seed for the random number generator.
16. **b) A specific integer based on the seed** - The `setSeed(100L)` method sets the seed, resulting in a specific sequence of random numbers.
17. **a) nextGaussian()** - The `nextGaussian()` method generates a random Gaussian value.
18. **a) A random Gaussian value** - The `nextGaussian()` method generates a random Gaussian value.
19. **a) The current time in milliseconds** - The default seed value is the current time in milliseconds.
20. **a) nextBytes(byte[] bytes)** - The `nextBytes(byte[] bytes)` method generates a random bytes array.
21. **a) A random bytes array of length 5** - The `nextBytes(bytes)` method generates a random bytes array of the specified length.
22. **a) ints()** - The `ints()` method generates a stream of random integers.
23. **a) A stream of 5 random integers** - The `ints(5)` method generates a stream of 5 random integers.
24. **a) doubles()** - The `doubles()` method generates a stream of random doubles.
25. **a) A stream of 5 random doubles** - The `doubles(5)` method generates a stream of 5 random doubles.
26. **a) longs()** - The `longs()` method generates a stream of random longs.
27. **a) A stream of 5 random longs** - The `longs(5)` method generates a stream of 5 random longs.
28. **a) nextInt(int bound)** - The `nextInt(int bound)` method generates a random integer within the specified range.
29. **a) A random integer between 0 and 99** - The `nextInt(100)` method generates a random integer between 0 and 99.
30. **a) nextInt()** - The `nextInt()` method generates a random integer, including negative numbers if the range is specified accordingly.
31. **a) A random integer between -100 and 99** - The `nextInt(200) - 100` method generates a random integer between -100 and 99.
32. **a) nextLong()** - The `nextLong()` method generates a random long within the specified range using modulo operation.
33. **a) A random long between 0 and 99** - The `nextLong() % 100` method generates a random long between 0 and 99.
34. **a) nextFloat()** - The `nextFloat()` method generates a random float within the specified range using multiplication.
35. **a) A random float between 0.0 and 10.0** - The `nextFloat() * 10` method generates a random float between 0.0 and 10.0.
36. **a) ints(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)** - The `ints(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)` method generates a stream of random integers within the specified range.
37. **a) A stream of 5 random integers between 0 and 99** - The `ints(5, 0, 100)` method generates a stream of 5 random integers between 0 and 99.
38. **a) longs(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)** - The `longs(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)` method generates a stream of random longs within the specified range.
39. **a) A stream of 5 random longs between 0 and 99** - The `longs(5, 0, 100)` method generates a stream of 5 random longs between 0 and 99.
40. **a) doubles(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)** - The `doubles(int startInclusive, int endExclusive)` method generates a stream of random doubles within the specified range.
